ci: Attach SBOM to container images. (#2431)
inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget: docs/getting-started/verify.md

Reviewer: I think this documentation should not be part of the "Getting started" chapter:

![image](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/assets/27575/3dba518b-7f04-42be-a69d-4c9cf25603cc)

But this problem existed before your PR and I don't have better suggestions at this time, so this is not a blocker for this PR.

Getting the above output followed by a JSON array of payloads, ensures you the
container image was signed using our private key.

## Verify the container SBOMs

> We generate SBOMs for all our container image and CLI tools:
> * SBOMs for container images are attached to the corresponding image and can be found in our registry.
> * SBOMs for CLI tools are available as release assets.

Reviewer: Suggestion to introduce what is SBOM, what's the goal and the scope:

```suggestion
A Software Bill of Materials (SBOM) is a detailed list of all the components of a software. It facilitates security and license compliance assessments. The Inspektor Gadget project publishes SBOMs in the [CycloneDX format](https://cyclonedx.org/specification/overview/) for all our container images and CLI tools:
* SBOMs for container images are attached to the corresponding image and can be found in our [registry](https://github.com/orgs/inspektor-gadget/packages).
* SBOMs for CLI tools are available as [release](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/releases) assets.

Our image-based gadgets don't contain SBOMs. This could be added later.
```

> In this section, we will see how you can verify and inspect the SBOMs attached our container images:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify and inspect the SBOMs attached our container images, the following tools can be used:
* [oras](https://oras.land/docs/installation)
* [cosign](https://docs.sigstore.dev/system_config/installation/)
* [Inspektor Gadget's public key](https://github.com/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget/blob/main/inspektor-gadget.pub)
```

Digest: sha256:...

Artifact Type   Digest
example/sbom    sha256:hash_of_sbom_manifest
# As we include SBOMs in our multi architecture container image, they are also
# signed.
# So, let's check the SBOM is signed with our private key:
$ cosign verify --key inspektor-gadget.pub ghcr.io/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget@sha256:hash_of_sbom_manifest

Verification for ghcr.io/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget@sha256:hash_of_sbom_manifest
The following checks were performed on each of these signatures:
  - The cosign claims were validated
  - Existence of the claims in the transparency log was verified offline
  - The signatures were verified against the specified public key

[{"critical":{"identity":{"docker-reference":"ghcr.io/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget"}, ...
]
# Let's download the SBOM and look at it:
$ oras pull --allow-path-traversal ghcr.io/inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget@sha256:hash_of_sbom_manifest
Downloading 1d479bb51392 /tmp/gadget-container-image-linux-amd64/sbom_cyclonedx.json
Downloaded  1d479bb51392 /tmp/gadget-container-image-linux-amd64/sbom_cyclonedx.json
Pulled [registry] ghcr.io/eiffel-fl/inspektor-gadget@sha256:hash_of_sbom_manifest

> Digest: sha256:hash_of_sbom_manifest

Reviewer: I tried the equivalent command like this:
```
$ oras pull --allow-path-traversal ghcr.io/eiffel-fl/inspektor-gadget@sha256:9d7fcd60f747a907f1aefa4d374ad3e61bf36bd8f4785577e477a5412ece2b6e
Downloaded empty artifact
Pulled [registry] ghcr.io/eiffel-fl/inspektor-gadget@sha256:9d7fcd60f747a907f1aefa4d374ad3e61bf36bd8f4785577e477a5412ece2b6e
Digest: sha256:9d7fcd60f747a907f1aefa4d374ad3e61bf36bd8f4785577e477a5412ece2b6e
```

But it didn't download anything in `/tmp/gadget-container-image-linux-amd64/`.
